well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to answer a
question we're going to answer a
question that always comes up when we
talk about immigration law that question
that pops up from the law-and-order
crowd I just want people to follow the
law
I just support the law I just want them
to get in line I just want them to do it
the right way I don't know why you have
to call me names all I'm saying is that
I want people to follow our laws why is
wanting them to follow our laws racists
it's not necessarily unless of course
the laws are racist then it might be so
what we're going to do today is we're
going to go through a timeline of major
u.s. immigration laws major changes in
u.s. immigration laws maybe we can see a
pattern pinpoint the issue for you so
before 1776 those people in this context
are not immigrants not really because
they're colonizers they're they're
specifically coming to replace the
system that exists so none of those
provisions would really play into this
from the point when the Constitution was
signed in 1787 till about 1880 there was
no federal immigration law none that
prohibited who could come in anyway the
reason there wasn't was because the
founders were busy arguing over whether
or not the federal government even had
power to regulate immigration law a lot
of them didn't think they did because of
the 10th amendment if you ever sit down
and read the Constitution you will see
that the Constitution says that
immigration is the purview of the states
individually that really is what it says
and that's how it ran until the late
1800s when a California immigration
officer was mean to a Chinese person the
case wound up in front of this
Court in the federal government took the
power to regulate immigration the first
act that prohibited who could come was
the Chinese Exclusion Act and that's
exactly what it sounds like okay I mean
it it is what it is then the next big
change was in 1917 with the Immigration
Act of 1917 which created the Asiatic
Board zone so basically now it's not
just Chinese people that are excluded
it's anybody in Asia except for
countries we own quote that's actually
in it so it targeted most Asian
countries it also prohibited sex workers
polygamists people with contagious
diseases idiots quote the mentally
defective which was widely interpreted
to mean homosexuals and that stayed
until 1990 by the way as well as
anarchists who knew then in 1924 there
was a new Immigration Act and this one
barred people who couldn't be
naturalized under the Naturalization Act
of 1790 which again this is pretty much
just applied to people from Asia
everybody else had already worked their
way through the court system and had the
right to vote at least on paper but this
one introduced a concept and that is
numerical camps they limited the number
of people who come from various
countries obviously because it is the
United States the caps from northern and
western Europe well they were really
really high not so much for eastern or
southern Europe or other places
and then in 1965 the Immigration and
Nationality Act well that's when those
caps got extended to everybody else
prior to this point there was no cap
there was no cap on people from south of
the border not they could come and go
pretty freely immigration was very very
easy up until that point so at the
height of the civil rights movement is
when we finally for the first time
decided to limit immigration from south
of the border
it's almost like the government was like
hey if we let these people in and we
might have to treat them like people
that was the first time it was limited
there were some other geopolitical
concerns as far as destabilization of
Central America which we were really
busy doing but that's when this started
when did the concept of illegal
immigration becoming a problem when did
that begin the same time because prior
to that there wasn't any these caps are
what created illegal immigration the law
is bad it's always been bad this is why
we had to have amnesty in the 80s the
law is bad and it's racist
all of them are racist they are racist
in origin all of them this is why when
you say I just want my laws enforced
people think you're a racist because
they're races laws it's really that
simple so any real immigration reform is
going to have to get rid of these caps
in the way that they're structured
that's what you're going to have to do
and that's how you're going to get rid
of the racist elements in it but this is
why people think you're racist when you
call for it because it was enacted
because of racism anyway it's just a
fault y'all have a good day